Added quick start section. init target in Makefile. Updated READMEs (#87)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack-template: .github/template_specific/README_template.md

## Content
1. [Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Requirements](#requirements)
    1. [Required modules](#required-modules)
    2. [Required software](#required-software)
    3. [Other](#other)
3. [Usage](#usage)
    1. [Verifying setup](#verifying-setup)
    2. [Providers](#providers)
4. [Example usage](#example-usage)
5. [Inputs](#inputs)
6. [Outputs](#outputs)
7. [Contributors](#contributors)
8. [License](#license)

## Compatibility
| Software | OSS Version | Enterprise Version |
|:---|:---|:---|
| Terraform | 0.13.1 or newer ||
| Nomad | 0.12.3 or newer ||

> Any other?

Reviewer: Should remove the questions before merging?

Author: These are questions for the module-creator to fill out. I think they are a good reminder.

Reviewer: Oh, then I agree it should be there 👍

## Content
1. [Compatibility](#compatibility)
2. [Requirements](#requirements)
    1. [Required modules](#required-modules)
    2. [Required software](#required-software)
    3. [Other](#other)
3. [Usage](#usage)
    1. [Verifying setup](#verifying-setup)
    2. [Providers](#providers)
4. [Example usage](#example-usage)
5. [Inputs](#inputs)
6. [Outputs](#outputs)
7. [Contributors](#contributors)
8. [License](#license)

## Compatibility
| Software | OSS Version | Enterprise Version |
|:---|:---|:---|
| Terraform | 0.13.1 or newer ||
| Nomad | 0.12.3 or newer ||

Any other?

## Requirements

### Required modules
| Module | Version |
| :----- | :------ |
| None | - |

### Required software
1. Software 1
2. Software 2

### Other

> Any other requirements? E.g. "This needs to be run on a Debian system"

Reviewer 2: Why `debian`? We successfully ran on MacOs and Ubuntu

Author: This was already implemented, but it might be better if we just remove the `E.g. ...` part of it?

## Usage
A description of how to run and use the module.

### Verifying setup

> Description of expected end result and how to check it. E.g. "After a successful run Presto should be available at localhost:8080".

Reviewer 2: Maybe change it to postgres? Presto is not that well known as postgres.

```suggestion
Description of the expected end result and how to check it. E.g. "After a successful run Postgres database should be available at localhost:5432".
```

Author: Maybe we should remove the `E.g. ...` here as well? Is better to let the module creators think for themselves.
